=======
History
=======

0.7.0 (2023-10-)
------------------
 * Added warning when 'autodockvina' scorer is used what no resname was set in
   'allowed_nonstandard_residues'. The former is usually used to score
   interactions with small molecules that will be discarded from the PDBs used
   for scoring, unless their resnames show up on the
   'allowed_nonstandard_residues' list.
 * Added RoundRobin pruner. It'll take the current branches and the top branches
   from the previous epoch and select ``N`` branches as the new top branches.
   As a consequence, failed epochs won't be branded as such and branches from an
   epoch ``i`` may come from a mix of branches from the epochs ``i-1`` and
   ``i-2``.
 * Added MutationCreator as a future replacement of MutationGenerator. Favouring
   composition over inheritance, MutationCreator is fully user-customizable
   instead of offering a set of fixed options as MutationGenerator.
   MutationCreator offers all the possibilities from MutationGenerator and more.

0.6.3 (2023-10-)
------------------
 * Rename positional restraints from "target", "binder" and "rest" to "posres"
   and "posres_water".

0.6.2 (2023-09-)
------------------
 * Pin gmx-mmpbsa to 1.6.1 since 1.6.2 pins pandas to 1.2.2 which is broken.

0.6.1 (2023-09-)
------------------
 * Support Python version 3.10 and onwards.

0.6.0 (2023-09-)
------------------
 * Fixed bug when NPT positional restraints weren't used.
 * Support Python version 3.11 and onwards.

0.5.3 (2023-07-)
------------------
 * Renamed ``scoring functions`` to ``scorers``.
 * Added support for positional restraints.
 * Pinned Python version to 3.10.X.

0.5.2 (2023-07-)
------------------
 * Fix the PDB left as  reference inside the ``scoring`` dir. ``fix_npt_{name}.pdb`` is left as a topology
   for the cleaned trajectory file ``fix_npt_{name}.xtc``. Now it contains PDB contains **chainID** info.
 * Pinned Python version to 3.10 and newer.

0.5.1 (2023-07-)
------------------
 * Fix *DLPacker* data download through pip.

0.5.0 (2023-07-)
------------------
 * Added MPS usage. Now multiple runs can be queued up onto the same GPU and *locuaz* will decide the parameters for
   each process (which GPU to use, how many threads for OMP and for MPI and the pinoffset for the run).
   Expected improved throughput: ``1.3-2.0``.
 * Added support for positional restraints when building topology with *tleap* by defining ``-DPOSRES_TARGET``
   to restrain the target, ``-DPOSRES_BINDER`` to restrain the binder and ``-DPOSRES`` for everything else.
 * Removed ``prefix`` option to set a custom prefix to the files generated by the NPT run.
   Now the prefix is always ``"npt_"``
 * Added resiliency against uninitialized current epoch. If one of the current branches doesn't have the initial PDB,
    GRO, ZIP and TPR files, then the whole epoch is backed up on cli.py and the protocol will later initialize a
    whole new epoch.
 * Fixed ``gmxmmpbsa`` bug when MPI was not used.
 * Better plot for the DAGS at ``graphs.png``
 * Better login.
 * Added **Developing** section to the reference docs.

0.4.1 (2023-06-)
------------------
 * Renamed ``Iteration`` abstraction to ``Branch``
 * Made ``previous_branches``, ``current_branches``, ``top_branches`` variables in the tracking file ``tracking.pkl``
   relative paths to the work dir. This allows the work dir to be moved around without errors.

0.3.9 (2023-06-)
------------------
 * Added ``locuaz`` as executable.

0.3.8 (2023-05-)
------------------
 * *DLPacker* data files ``library.npz`` and ``charges.rtp`` are now inscluded with the install. Only the weights have
   to be downloaded and extracted into a dir whose path must be specified in the ``config['paths']['mutator']`` option.

0.3.7 (2023-05-12)
------------------
 * Added Directed Acyclic Graph tracking of the protocol, so a plot of the progression of the protocol can be done,
   both of the branch names and the mutations performed on each mutation.
 * Added docs on https://locuaz.readthedocs.io/
 * Made DLPacker part of the repo. Used for performing mutations.
 * Added metropolis Pruner.

0.2.1 (2023-04-20)
------------------
* The protocol is now fully installable by pip, provided that ambertools and tensorflow are present in the conda environment (no available pip install for them)

0.2.0 (2022-05-13)
------------------
* First fully functional release.

0.1.0 (2022-05-25)
------------------
* First release on PyPI.
